Complete list of features in README (#68)
morpho-org/morpho-token-upgradeable: README.md

# Morpho Token

This repository contains the Morpho protocol's ERC20 token.
It is designed to be upgradable and support onchain delegation.
Additionally, it ships a wrapper contract to simplify the migration of assets from the previous token contract to the new Morpho token contract.

## Features

> ### Upgradability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upgradeability
```

Reviewer: I don't have access. Can you do a screenshot?

<img width="492" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9a80db4d-ad2d-41ec-b121-f86072558710">

Author: Since both are ok, let's just stick to the naming of OZ, which is a lib that we are actually using in this contract

Reviewer 2: This is really not important, but I actually don't think we should follow their choice here.

The Morpho token complies with [EIP-1967](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1967) to support upgradeability.

### Delegation

The Morpho token supports onchain voting and voting power delegation.

### Transferability and roles

The Morpho token no longer has role-based permissions.

> This implies notably that it is transferable by default.

Reviewer: Let's remove this

> This implies notably that it is transferable by default.

Author: To be clear, you are only referring to the last line right ? Because I think we should document that the token no longer has role-based permissions

> This implies notably that it is transferable by default.

Author: Optimistically assuming that this is the case

### Burning tokens

Calling `transfer` or `transferFrom` to transfer tokens to the zero address now reverts in the Morpho token.

> Instead, any account approved to spend tokens can use the `burn` function.

Reviewer 2: This is unclear, I think that we should state as follows. Recall how burning tokens was supported on legacy. Say the new Morpho token brings braking changes. State how burning token is supported in the new version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This version bring a breaking change for this feature.
In the legacy version the burning tokens was supported by transferring the desired amount to burn to address zero.
This approach is deprecated in this version of the Morpho token.
To burn tokens, approved users may call the `burn` function.
```

# Morpho Token

This repository contains the Morpho protocol's ERC20 token.
It is designed to be upgradable and support onchain delegation.
Additionally, it ships a wrapper contract to simplify the migration of assets from the previous token contract to the new Morpho token contract.

## Features

### Upgradeability

The Morpho token complies with [EIP-1967](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1967) to support upgradeability.

### Delegation

The Morpho token supports onchain voting and voting power delegation.

> ### Role-based permission

Reviewer 2: Title and subtitles case is not correct.
```suggestion
### Role-based Permission
```

Author: I understand this is standard in english, but I'm still against, this is harder to read IMO

Author: > It would be technically not suitable to not capitalize words in a title or subtitle

It's not suitable because of a standard :D
The relevant metric is how well this standard is respected, and how important it is that it is respected. And when it is very much accepted by everyone, and it is important for undertanding (like your example with full-stops), then we say that it's "not technically suitable" or "incorrect" to do something else

We can do whatever we want, but no strong feeling about it

Reviewer 2: There's an interesting reply in the slack. I'll you guys decide.

Author: Interesting reply I agree. Let's keep it like that, also because this is what we use everywhere

Reviewer 2: Is it though ? The README here https://github.com/morpho-org/morpho-blue uses title case...

Author: You are right, it's not always used. Just sometimes...

> ### Role-based Permission

Reviewer 2: Consider adding a "breaking changes" section? I'd be in favor of adding a change-log including breaking changes and new features.

Author: I think it conflicts with this section, it would basically say the same thing. I don't think we need to put a strong emphasis on breaking changes either, because this is a new token after all (with a different address notably)

Reviewer 2: My point is not about the content but structure. As you noted, it would not add new information but it could put forward important information. I'm not sure I grasp what you mean with conflict in this context though.

Author: Ok got it. Let's not add a breaking change section though because of [this comment](https://github.com/morpho-org/morpho-token-upgradeable/pull/68#discussion_r1819446244)

> I'm not sure I grasp what you mean with conflict in this context though.

Exactly what you noted: we can't have both a "Features" section and a "Breaking changes" section as they would overlap (which is what I meant by conflict)

> The Morpho token no longer has role-based permission of functions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The new Morpho token does not have role-based permission of functions.
```

> ### Burning tokens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Burning Tokens
```

This version brings a breaking change for this feature.
In the legacy Morpho token, burning tokens was made possible by transferring them to the zero address.
This approach is deprecated in this version of the Morpho token.

> To burn tokens, approved users may call the `burn` function.

Reviewer: I don't think this section is useful + it's adding legal risk. We've been strongly advised to keep feature parity between both the legacy and new tokens. Or at least I would remove the "breaking change" expression.

Reviewer 2: Noted. It's worth mentioning that wording suggests that not that feature support is broken but rather the way it's implemented. I understand your concern. I'll let you guys decide as I lack of a clear view to favor one choice or another.

Author: I removed the "breaking change" mention, and changed the rest a bit

# Morpho token

This repository contains the Morpho protocol's ERC20 token.
It is designed to be upgradable and support onchain delegation.
Additionally, it ships a wrapper contract to simplify the migration of assets from the previous token contract to the new Morpho token contract.

## Features

### Upgradeability

The Morpho token complies with [EIP-1967](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1967) to support upgradeability.

### Delegation

The Morpho token supports onchain voting and voting power delegation.

### Role-based permission

The new Morpho token does not have role-based permission of functions.

### Burning tokens

> In the legacy Morpho token, burning tokens was made possible by transferring them to the zero address.

Reviewer 3: the legacy token also had a [burn function](https://github.com/morpho-org/semitransferable-token/blob/dce1fe378e14ecf2886dcc6caf6007542290e4be/src/Token.sol#L46)

Author: Oh right, my bad. This is fixed now

> This is no longer possible in the new Morpho token, but it's still possible for approved users to burn tokens by calling the `burn` function.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps, a way to put emphasis on the "we're not breaking anything and this has the same features as before" we could write "In the legacy Morpho token contract, tokens could be burnt by transferring them to address zero. In this contract, tokens can be burnt directly with the `burn` function.

Author: I don't think we should do it because transferring to the zero address is not the same as burning tokens (total supply doesn't change in the first case)

Author: Maybe I should remove the word "still", it could be misleading in this way

Author: Doing the change to remove "still", but not changing otherwise because we don't want to convey that it did not have burning feature before

Reviewer 2: I see you're point 🤔. It's just that the sub-title here is named "Burning tokens" and the transfer to zero address in mentioned, this could be a point of misunderstanding as well, don't you think?

Author: Hmm I think it's fine, the title can't convey everything. What would be the misunderstanding with the new phrasing ?

Reviewer 2: It could be understood as if burning tokens and transferring to zero is the same, which are not according to your observation. It's clear enough for me, but maybe it's worth getting the legal point of view from someone, just to make sure that we're not getting into trouble.

### Burning tokens

In the legacy Morpho token, it was possible to transfer tokens to the zero address.

> This is no longer possible in the new Morpho token, but it's possible for approved users to burn tokens by calling the `burn` function.

Author: I added it to explain that instead of `transferFrom(owner, address(0), amount)` you could do `transferFrom(owner, me, amount); burn(amount)` (requiring to be approved by the owner). But this is probably useless, let's remove it :+1:

### Migration Flow

During contract initialization, 1 billion tokens will be minted for the `Wrapper` contract, which will initially hold the entire supply.
Any legacy token holder will then be able to migrate their tokens provided that the migration amount is approved for the wrapper.
Migrated legacy tokens may be recovered in order to revert a migration.

> ## Getting started

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Getting Started
```

> ### Install dependencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Install Dependencies
```

Author: same as above
